`generator` methods of operators should return new opmath instances (#5253)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* The `molecular_hamiltonian` function calls `PySCF` directly when `method='pyscf'` is selected.
  [(#5118)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5118)
  
* All generators in the source code (except those in the `qchem` module) no longer return 

>   `Hamiltonian` or `Tensor` instances. Wherever possible, these return op_math instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `Hamiltonian` or `Tensor` instances. Wherever possible, these return `Sum`, `SProd`, and `Prod` instances.
```
